Todd graph here live at the ATA show I'm
standing with stealth cam they've got a
new unit out called the drone I'm
extremely excited about hearing about
this new product I'm with Tim who's
going to explain all the features of the
new drone product him what do we got
here well the drone product is our
newest cellular based remote access
camera that we have in the marketplace
you get the camera you get the cellular
transmitter you get the 12 volt battery
box so you can power it out in the field
for a really long time right but also it
lets you do is our system allows you to
be able to put multiple cameras up and
be able to see what's going on in
different places so right now we have a
camera in Illinois we've got two in
Texas we're in Utah and we're in
California so you could go around the
country I like out Tim today said we
have one in Illinois now what makes this
product cool i personally was able to
test this product and use it actually
this dot right here is my unit on my
property in illinois and we set it up a
couple of days ago and I Todd in
Illinois so what's really neat about
this product here is once you get it set
up on your property of course you get
what every trail camera guy loves you
know what you can get up in the morning
you can immediately see what type of
activity you had on that camera now a
couple of things that stealth cam has
done this year to make the drone product
the best is it comes complete with
verizon so you're all set up ready to go
when you buy this package out of the box
we are powered by Verizon the customers
will work with us directly and have
right individual plans set up we have
four different data plans available and
so how they manage their data will allow
how much money they really want to spend
them excellent but allow them to have
thumbnails which this is an example of
thumbnails from your individual camera
so right now I've got the ability to go
ahead and these are the ones that
uploaded just recently so it uploads a
couple times a day or up to four times a
day and right now that we had activity
last night of two pictures and if I want
to zoom in and say okay I want to crop
because this one I want to see if
there's some antlers on this or
something I turn around and I can crop
it down and I will only share that data
so it's real important that you can
manage your plan so that's one huge
advantage of the drone system another
thing that I'm extremely excited about
that I just learned to
is you can have more than one camera now
if I understand this correctly you get
up up the five cameras / plan well if
you have five cameras you can put that
at one plan excellent now if you have
less than five cameras they've been each
individual plan but once you get that
five camera number then you can add
cameras to that so you can have five
cameras but for fifteen dollars for each
additional camera on a monthly basis you
can have 10 cameras 20 cameras whatever
you want depending if you want to have
three cameras in Illinois you want to
have two cameras in Texas then and then
you've got the ability to do that right
so another thing I'm extremely excited
about too is you know this is complete
ready to go out of the box guys you know
this is not a situation where you buy
the product and you end up having to go
add additional things you know stealth
canvas thought this through completely
from the beginning again like Tim said
it comes complete with an extra battery
which is going to give you plenty of
battery life what's the expected battery
time life right now that we have well
you know right now with a 12 volt
battery box like this when you've got it
out there in the field you should be
able to power both units I would say a
30 days for sure which is like right now
if you have a ton of activity and
there's a lot of things it might shorten
that sir cause you're uploading a lot of
fun thumbnails and things but 30 days is
a good number of you and of course the
key to having a product like this is you
don't have to keep going and checking
your trail cameras intruding your area
which of course you know we all know as
hunters the more that you do that the
more likely the game are going to get
wise to your presence and not come by
your favorite tree stand so again go
ahead well in todd one thing i want to
show you here as we were just talking
about it we have a camera in utah we
have one in texas we've got another one
in texas so here if you want to go in
and say ok hey what happened in utah
here's a picture of what happened in
utah and this picture was cropped so we
only set as much data as we needed we
didn't send the whole picture and waste
all this extra area so that that's a
really neat thing you can do but if you
have five cameras or six cameras and
you've got them around the country like
we talked about now you have the ability
to have different photo albums for all
of your favorite places so if you've got
a deer in Texas that you've been
tracking that you're very interested in
knowing the development of that dear you
can do that remotely and not only can
you do it here on this but you can also
do it on your iPhone you can do it on
your right side you can write on
patch because we have mobile
applications so you can be sitting in a
tree stand saying this is where I am
this morning and it's ten o'clock I
wonder what happened at my other cameras
and you can log in and look at the other
cameras that you have on your plan it's
very very versatile well this is the
drawing product from stealth cam I can
guarantee I know that I've already
ordered at least five of these units for
my particular piece of property there's
nothing greater for me being a trail
camera junkie to be able to get that
live data that's a tool they can
absolutely use the harvest more gear for
sure I'm extremely excited about this
and I can tell just by the activity
around your booth there Tim that a lot
of people are as well well we're really
excited about the drone system we're
really glad that you have such a good
experience with it and like you said you
open up the box you put it up and it was
working just like that and it's really
that simple and now you can manage your
hunting and your time much more valuable
and know what's going on on a daily
basis excellent when will this product
it be available for people to purchase
we can go ahead and we're taking
pre-orders right now but we'll be
delivering this in the market as you saw
there's working cameras out in their
market right now and in the late March
early April time frame will have
everything ready to go but we are taking
orders right now because it's it's going
to go quickly well there you have it
it's the drone from stealth cam you can
go visit their website right now to get
more information about it of course I'm
bowhunting calm we're gonna keep you
updated as new product announcements
come out from this great company